[PowerPoint] (tutorial) Separate yo and VS (#4907)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/tutorials/powerpoint-tutorial-vs.md

---
title: PowerPoint add-in tutorial using Visual Studio
description: "In this tutorial, you'll use Visual Studio to build a PowerPoint add-in that inserts an image, inserts text, gets slide metadata, and navigates between slides."
ms.date: 11/20/2024
ms.service: powerpoint
#Customer intent: As a developer, I want to build a PowerPoint add-in that can interact with content in a PowerPoint document.
ms.localizationpriority: high
---

# Tutorial: Create a PowerPoint task pane add-in with Visual Studio

In this tutorial, you'll create a PowerPoint task pane add-in that:

> [!div class="checklist"]
>
> - Adds an image to a slide
> - Adds text to a slide
> - Gets slide metadata
> - Adds new slides
> - Navigates between slides

> [!TIP]

> > If you want a completed version of this tutorial, head over to the [Office Add-ins samples repo on GitHub](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/tree/main/Samples/tutorials/powerpoint-tutorial).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want a completed version of this tutorial, visit the [Office Add-ins samples repo on GitHub](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/tree/main/Samples/tutorials/powerpoint-tutorial).
```
